[Elasticsearch] Support batchOfBytes configuration to limit size of bulk flush. (#10287)
apache/skywalking: docs/en/changes/changes.md

* Fix TCP service instances are lack of instance properties like `pod` and `namespace`, which causes Pod log not to work for TCP workloads.
* Add Python HBase happybase module component ID(94).
* Fix gRPC alarm cannot update settings from dynamic configuration source.

> * Elasticsearch storage: Support batchOfBytes configuration to set up the batch bytes size of the record data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add `batchOfBytes` configuration to limit the size of bulk flush.
```
